Post number: 0
AITA for refusing to babysit my grandchild due to her not being my biological grandkid
I was told to come here. My son was married to Emma. They got married and had a kid, apparently he had doubts about if he was the father and got a dna test. He was not but has been in the kids life for 4 years and his name is on the birth certificate so he is legally responsible and he still loves the kid. 
Now my issue is that before they divorced I was never allowed near the grandkid. I ask to babysit but they both cited that my home was unsafe and they do not trust me with a baby, even if I raised four kids. They wouldn’t even bring the kid to family events like Christmas. They did this with all of his siblings. I know I am more country then them but it hurt a lot. My other kids relationship with him is strained because they believe he is looking down on them after he got a city job.
Now after the divorce he has the kid almost 50 percent of the time and he keeps asking me to babysit. I told him straight up that I will not babysit the kid since she not my grandkid and you made it clear I wasn’t good enough to babysit when you thought she was your kid. Huge argument and he thinks I am awful. I just think he wants someone to parent due to not being able to rely on his ex wife anymore.
—— the reason he claimed my house was unsafe was the horses, this is in two other comments. Nothing about my house has changed. Everything is locked if it is dangerous. I’ve watched my other grandkid and their has been zero issues.

Post number: 1
AITA for telling my husband that I wont be the one who tells our kids how he died?
My (F27) husband (M29) and I have been married for seven years and do not have any issues with respecting each others boundaries. This past weekend he completely disregarded me and I cant get it out of my head so I have to know if I was in the wrong. For some context, I was the sober driver to our group of siblings and friends and we had been out at a bar drinking. We all had a great time and headed home. At this point I was the only sober person by a long shot. My husband suggested to go join the neighbors that was a group of middle aged women partying. We don't know them. I went out and told him that it was rude to  invite ourselves to someone else's house without their permission and to leave the idea alone. Not even ten minutes later our other brother who is single came in and told us that my husband was making him feel uncomfortable trying to get him and everyone else to go over there to join the neighbors. So I went back outside and told him to cut it out. I told him he was making our brother and now me, uncomfortable (I was inside cooking food to help everyone sober up and everyone else was outside on the deck). Once I finished, I was slightly annoyed but went outside to join everyone. The next thing I know my husband and his friend (M25) stand up and start walking toward the dock. I asked them what they were doing and he said they were hot so they decided to go jump in the lake. It is pitch black out and they had both had over 7 shots that I counted in addition to many drinks. I told him absolutely not. That is not safe. He rolled his eyes at me and turned to continue walking to the dock. At this point I was pissed. I yelled out to him that was fine. I just wont be the one to tell our kids why their dad died and went back inside to get ready for bed. He ignored me the rest of the night and when I made him come in to have a conversation with me, he kept rolling his eyes. I told him I felt like he disrespected me and owed me an apology for crossing the line. He insisted that he did nothing wrong. I tried to have a conversation to explain why his actions were inappropriate but he didn't see it and instead countered that they didn't even jump in. They just put their feet in. I ended up going to bed and we haven't talked about it since. He thinks things are back to normal but knows that I am being short with him. This was an adults only weekend and no children were present at any point. So AITA for taking things too far with what I said?
**Edit since it's been asked so often: brother is not blood related and is family by choice on my husbands side. All other family mentioned are my husband's and my in laws...
**Final Edit: We had a great conversation and set healthy boundaries for the future. Thank you to everyone for weighing in. We both read all of your responses.

